[MTM-56477] User documentation for time series migration process (#2478)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/datahub/working-with-datahub-bundle/aligning-data-modeling-and-offloading.md

Each series must have a mandatory value of type NUMBER and an optional unit of type STRING. If the value is not of type NUMBER, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub determines a type for each series at offloading runtime. It evaluates the runtime type of each value and derives the column type for the corresponding offloading run. If all values for a series can be cast to BOOLEAN, FLOAT, STRUCT or LIST consistently, this will be the type of the resulting column. Otherwise, DataHub will use VARCHAR. If the use case mixes types for the same series, the aforementioned mixed type handling applies.

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> Since version 10.16, the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform supports the time series model, which is a new internal data model for the measurements collection. For details on how to activate that model see [Enhanced time series support](/enterprise-tenant/time-series-bundle/enhanced-time-series-support/). {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub supports that data model when offloading the measurements collection. However, the specific case of measurements offloading in the TrendMiner mode is not supported when the time series model is used. When you switch from the default data model to the time series model, measurements offloadings still work. The switch back from the time series model to the default model is not supported. In that case the offloading cannot guarantee that all data is offloaded into the target table. To ensure completeness, re-configure the offloading to use a different target table when switching to the default data model.

Reviewer: not sure, shouldn't be the link updated @pawel-rynarzewski-sag  what do you think?

```suggestion
Since version 10.16, the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform supports the time series model, which is a new internal data model for the measurements collection. For details on how to activate that model see [Enhanced time series support](/enterprise-tenant/enhanced-time-series-support-bundle/general-configuration/). {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub supports that data model when offloading the measurements collection. However, the specific case of measurements offloading in the TrendMiner mode is not supported when the time series model is used. When you switch from the default data model to the time series model, measurements offloadings still work. The switch back from the time series model to the default model is not supported. In that case the offloading cannot guarantee that all data is offloaded into the target table. To ensure completeness, re-configure the offloading to use a different target table when switching to the default data model.
```

> Since version 10.16, the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform supports the time series model, which is a new internal data model for the measurements collection. For details on how to activate that model see [Enhanced time series support](/enterprise-tenant/enhanced-time-series-support/). {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub supports that data model when offloading the measurements collection. However, the specific case of measurements offloading in the TrendMiner mode is not supported when the time series model is used. When you switch from the default data model to the time series model, measurements offloadings still work. The switch back from the time series model to the default model is not supported. In that case the offloading cannot guarantee that all data is offloaded into the target table. To ensure completeness, re-configure the offloading to use a different target table when switching to the default data model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform supports the time series model, which is an internal data model for the measurements collection. For details on how to activate that model see [Enhanced time series support](/enterprise-tenant/enhanced-time-series-support/). {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub supports that data model when offloading the measurements collection. However, the specific case of measurements offloading in the TrendMiner mode is not supported when the time series model is used. When you switch from the default data model to the time series model, measurements offloadings still work. The switch back from the time series model to the default model is not supported. In that case the offloading cannot guarantee that all data is offloaded into the target table. To ensure completeness, re-configure the offloading to use a different target table when switching to the default data model.
```

Reviewer 2: @darluk I would actually change this here as well.
